Hahaha I'm dying of laughter, you really don't know what are you laughing at?
I don't know, just what you said just now?
My mom was in there and suffered and then I couldn't hold back
I thought you were serious.
Then I thought you must have made it up
I really can't hold back you from saying this again in the future.
Don Lil hasn't made it clear that there was something in his hair just now
Say it now is the time
Hey, why didn't we chase after the victory just now?
Wang Yimei is like that. Are we missing a good opportunity by going like this?
Are you sloppy with me again?
I don't love learning as much as you see me
Shouldn't you be happy?
Yo
Learn to speak now
Isn't there such a good teacher as you?
I said you are fat, are you really panting?
Tell me, Tang Lu
In case Wang Yi calms down and wears tribute with Cui Yanyi
Isn't that the end? Don't worry.
He can't calm down
It is also impossible for him to pay tribute to Cui Yan
There is only an exchange of interests between the two of them
I didn't submit a new one to say so sure you forgot about his injuries
And that's just what we saw.
What else have you seen?
It's not that simple